[Workers] Make pricing page and examples clearer (#10826)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/pricing.md

| **Unbound** |  1 million included per month <br /> +$0.15 per additional million  | 400,000 GB-s included per month <br /> +$12.50 per additional million GB-s<sup>1, 2</sup>  | 30 seconds of CPU time per invocation <br /> 15 minutes of CPU time per [Cron Trigger](/workers/configuration/cron-triggers/) or [Queue Consumer](/queues/platform/javascript-apis/#consumer) invocation        |

{{</table-wrap>}}

1.  Cloudflare will bill for duration charges based on the higher of your wall time or CPU time, with a multiple of 8 applied to the CPU time to account for the processing power allotted to your Worker. Cloudflare will not bill for wall time duration charges beyond the execution [limit](/workers/platform/limits/#worker-limits) given.

2.  Duration billing will charge for the 128 MB of memory allocated to your Worker, regardless of actual usage. If your account has significant traffic to a single Worker, multiple instances of that Worker may run in the same isolate on the same physical machine and share the 128 MB of memory. These Workers are still billed as if they were separate instances, with each being charged as if it had its own 128 MB of memory.

> #### Example pricing

Author: @Maddy-Cloudflare — I think this format may be a helpful one for explaining Durable Objects pricing on this page as well:

https://developers.cloudflare.com/durable-objects/platform/pricing

1. Lay out hypothetical Durable Object usage
2. Show how duration is converted to GB-s
3. Show a table of estimated costs, with separate line items for requests and duration, and show math for each line item

{{</table-wrap>}}

1.  Requests inbound to your Worker from the Internet are charged on a unit basis for paid plans. [Subrequests](/workers/platform/limits/#subrequests) to external services are not billed on a unit basis, but network time incurred may slightly increase any duration-based billing.
1.  Inbound requests to your Worker. [Subrequests](/workers/platform/limits/#subrequests) to external services are not billed on a unit basis, but do impact the duration (wall-clock time) of your Worker.

> 2.  Cloudflare will bill for duration charges based on the higher of your wall time or CPU time, with a multiple of 8 applied to the CPU time to account for the processing power allotted to your Worker. Cloudflare will not bill for wall time duration charges beyond the execution [limit](/workers/platform/limits/#worker-limits) given.

Author: https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pull/10826/commits/74b683dbcd4f578c6786c7cbdff0d5d1a7ef1680

{{<table-wrap>}}

|             |  Requests                                              | Duration                                                                                  | CPU time |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Bundled** |  10 million included per month <br /> +$0.50 per additional million | no charge for duration                                                                    | 50 milliseconds CPU time per invocation                    |

{{</table-wrap>}}

#### Example pricing

A Worker that serves 100 million requests per month would have the following estimated costs:

{{<table-wrap>}}

|                    |  Monthly Costs      |  Formula                                                                      |
| ------------------ | ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **Subscription**   |  $5                 |                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Workers Paid Plan**   |  $5                 |                                                                               |
```

Reviewer: Suggesting since subscription is an internal term

| **Requests**       |  $45                | (100,000,000 requests - 10,000,000 included requests) / 1,000,000 * $0.50     |
| **Total**          |  $50                |                                                                                |

{{</table-wrap>}}

### Unbound Usage Model

> The Bundled Usage Model is billed based on the number of incoming requests to your Worker, and the duration (wall-clock time) of each invocation, measured in gigabyte seconds (GB-s).

Author: ```suggestion
The Unbound Usage Model is billed based on the number of incoming requests to your Worker, and the duration (wall-clock time) of each invocation, measured in gigabyte seconds (GB-s).
```

2.  Duration billing will charge for the 128 MB of memory allocated to your Worker, regardless of actual usage. If your account has significant traffic to a single Worker, multiple instances of that Worker may run in the same isolate on the same physical machine and share the 128 MB of memory. These Workers are still billed as if they were separate instances, with each being charged as if it had its own 128 MB of memory.

#### Example pricing

Consider a Worker that serves 100 million requests per month, with an average duration (wall-clock time) of 200 milliseconds per request. This translates to the following duration (wall-clock time) metrics:

- 0.2 seconds per request (200 milliseconds / 1000)
- 0.025 gigabyte seconds (GB-s) per request (0.2 seconds * 128 MB / 1024 MB)
- 2,500,000 gigabyte seconds (GB-s) per month (0.025 GB-s per request * 100,000,000 requests)

Resulting in the following estimated costs:

{{<table-wrap>}}

|                    |  Monthly Costs      |  Formula                                                                  |
| ------------------ | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **Subscription**   |  $5.00              |                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Workers Paid Plan**   |  $5.00              |                                                                           |
```

| **Requests**       |  $14.85             | (100,000,000 requests - 1,000,000 included requests) / 1,000,000 * $0.15  |
| **Duration**       |  $26.25             | (2,500,000 GB-s per month - 400,000 included GB-s) / 1,000,000 * $12.50   |
| **Total**          |  $46.10             |                                                                           |

{{</table-wrap>}}

### How to switch Usage Models

When an account is first upgraded to the Paid plan, the Unbound plan is used as the default Usage Model. To change your default account-wide Usage Model:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account.
2. In Account Home, select **Workers & Pages**.
3. Find **Default Usage Model** on the right-side menu > **Change**. 

> Existing Workers will not be impacted when changing the default Usage Model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing Workers will not be impacted when changing the default Usage Model. You may change the Usage Model for individual Workers without affecting your account-wide default.
```

> You may change the Usage Model for individual Workers without affecting your account-wide default. You can do this through the [`usage_model` key](/workers/wrangler/configuration/) in your `wranger.toml` file and in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Been chatting w/ DevProd about how we're going to support the "migrate all workers" flow for the new pricing model. Important flow to support but it will cause wrangler.toml and dash to go out of sync if we support it as is. 

The cleanest solution we came up with is to deprecate setting the usage model via wrangler.toml (ignore this field in the wrangler.toml) and enforce that usage model can only be set through the dash. To get ahead of that change, removing this from docs.

Workers Paid plan is separate from any other Cloudflare plan (Free, Professional, Business) you may have. If you are an Enterprise customer, reach out to your account team to confirm pricing details.

> Only requests that hit a Worker will count against your limits and your bill. Since Cloudflare Workers runs before the Cloudflare cache, the caching of a request still incurs costs. See definitions and behavior after a limit is hit in the [limits article](/workers/platform/limits/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only requests that hit a Worker will count against your limits and your bill. Since Cloudflare Workers runs before the Cloudflare cache, the caching of a request still incurs costs. Refer to [Limits](/workers/platform/limits/) to review definitions and behavior after a limit is hit.
```

Reviewer 2: Is there a more specific section about this point we can link to?
